---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to my blog!"
author: kaybee
categories: [ Self, Introduction ]
image: assets/images/intro.png
tags: [featured]
---

This is my humble attempt to log my activities and express my opinion. Those who find clueless about the title of the blog. Vishnu is one of a common name in India and an ordinary Indian or a Keralite surely cross his path with more than one Vishnu during almost all phase of the life. It's common that, they may add a nickname to avoid the confusion and distinguish the 'Vishnu'. KB is my initial, and it was automatically assigned as my **'call-sign'** among friends during my school days, especially during upper primary time. My friends called my **'KayBee'** and I decided to use it for my blog. 

My blogging explorations started early days of 2010. I was using blogger initially and then moved to WordPress. It was a time, the internet was highly expensive, and my posting relies on the BSNL broadband with a modem and then using slow & limited mobile data. [midiaries.wordpress.com](https://[midiaries.wordpress.com) is an attempt of replacing the conventional dairy with an online version. Then, there was a design template which make a feeling of the posts in a ruled book, similar to a diary. I enjoyed writing reviews, travel experiences etc. However, due to some platform changes, the WordPress implemented some restrictions to the customization, and slowly I started losing interest in writing stories. 

The influence of social media platforms in my world reduces the impact of writing stories and started mini blogging by FB posts. Since the feedback and communication is so rapid and real in those days, spending time in FB gives a sound info about out friends updates as well updates from the topics which you are interested in. However, now days the social media contains more violent and sentimental posts which is more focused on creating different polarized worlds. 
Then, I tried to rebuild the blogging site and due to the priorities, the attempt was never successful. Nowadays, I am mostly seeing the ads, sponsored contents and extracts from movies. 

Some years back, I noticed a simple blogging platform supported by GitHub and I tried some experiments. It's all successful and made multiple static content generation site to my friends. One of its for our [Sparsham](https://sparsham.org). Sparsham was hosted earlier in a WordPress site. It was a highly impacted by some kind content replacement by injection with a lot of click bytes. We are able to migrate to the GitHub pages and adds life using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home). In 2018, I made a static site for sharing details about my marriage. At first, it was hosted in GitHub and then moved to our very old Blogger. The site is up and running. Please feel free to have a look at vintage Aswathy & Vishnu over [here](https://kbvishnu.blogspot.com/)

Since my team handles the Sparsham blog, I thought of starting my writing again and this is mainly to log and share my technical explorations, solutions and thoughts. This is just for logging and maybe used for a walkthrough to these days on a later period of my life. There was no plan to start something like this, but I thought I will help me to brush my interesting projects and hobbies, if I do log it somewhere. I planned for perfect Christmas 2023 and due to unwell of my immediate family members, dropped the vacation plan and thought of developing this blog. You may find some posts from an older date. 


This site is hosted using GitHub and generates using Jekyll. The repository is shared public and available [here](https://github.com/kbvishnu/kbvishnu.github.io.git). The theme of this site is slightly modified from the original version which is available [here](https://github.com/wowthemesnet/mundana-theme-jekyll)  

To those folks, who somehow reached my blog, I'm Vishnu KB, husband of Aswathy Soman and father of Ahaan.  I am a Full-stack engineer by profession and mostly engaged in building or migrating legacy systems to modern day solutions to tackle new gen business problems. I am passionate about technology, travel, charity, cooking, movies and photography. 

Please feel free to reach me on [vishnu.balachandra@gmail.com](mailto://vishnu.balachandra@gmail.com?subject=Invoked from kayBee blog). 

**Disclaimer: The opinions expressed herein are my own personal opinions and do not represent my present or previous employer’s or any affiliated organization's view in any way.**

 
